here is veiga
We moved here to type a volleyball game
my stepdaughter's game my daughter is playing
team i high school and here we come
visit the city of lot und 100 somewhere
kilometers from our city is karsky
on the new ten years not all to the floor
these big park and young court outside for
football and other athletes for all that
There is something not to take American schools
so many sports and peptides and
I ask, that is, children in the case in addition to study
and go in for sports
competing with different teams now
there is a meeting
on team 6 gathered from the bottom of the townships I
not today swear volleyball or
girl's team that is girls
which 14 to 17 years old teams are under schools and
here it is all here it is high there where
basketball affairs volleyball affairs are not
and
here is a local
trip rewards
I like this school giant
there is a lot of school here
iron symbol wrestling anything
football basketball
wrestling team here you say to have
among themselves compete in part of these
American schools that I really like
Of course we are community members and
Competitions do not remember the fact that he
programs bar master's gym
jump here very much
competing violently is not such an entrance to this
mural
this is four years 14 years old for 5th to 9th grade
before the 12th court, children walk in pictures
here it is a suit
it hide 4 years
school history 40 to 65
hairstyles change ignite petrified
chained for hours
10 she's a town just once
more people are already released 30 like him
finally 20 learned what do you
all were alone white here already appears
black
great school history